Welcome.
We are about to start our third day of learning and I propose that you do it with joy and a cup of coffee
or whatever makes you feel ready, because at the end of today's lectures you are going to be closer
to being a python programmer.
In fact, today, like every day, you will learn many new tools which will allow you to create a new
program by the end of the day.
Today you are going to develop a text parser.
What is that?
A program in which the user will enter any kind of text and the code will give him all kinds of information
about that text, such as the number of words and the times a letter is repeated if a certain word exists
or not in the text and much more.
And although it may seem impossible now, in a few minutes you will be able to program all of this on
your own.
Of course, you will have to learn some new things, like applying the index method to search for elements
inside strings and other data structures, extracting text fragments, discovering the main methods
and properties that strings have to manipulate and analyze their information.
And finally, knowing all the data types that we still need to know, such as lists, dictionaries,
tuples, sets and booleans.
Yes, all that in just one day.
So let's not waste any more time.
And let's go straight to the first practical lecture of the day.